= Rumblr

Rumblr is a Ruby client for http://www.tumblr.com XML API.  It currently only provides read functionality; you can read User, Tumblelog and Post data.

= Overview

Rumblr maps the Tumblr API 'authenticate' and 'read' calls.  User, Tumblelog and Post models have the attributes provided by the API, as well as some convenience methods for common tasks.

Please read Tumblr's official documentation (http://tumblr.com/api/) to learn more about the API.


== Dependencies

* Ruby >= 1.8.6 (not tested with previous versions)
* libxml-ruby >= 0.8.3


== Download and Installation

RubyGems[http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubygems/] is the preferred install method.
To get the latest version, simply type the following instruction into your command prompt:

  $ sudo gem install jamescallmebrent-rumblr -s http://gems.github.com


== Getting Started

In order to use this library you need a valid Tumblr account.
Go to http://tumblr.com and register for a new account if you don't already have one.


=== Sample usage:

  require 'rumblr'
  include Rumblr
  
  user = User.login({:email => 'name@domain.com', :password => 'pass'})
  
  user.tumblelogs.each do |log|
    puts log.name  # 'the tumblelogger'
    puts log.type  # 'public'
    puts log.url   # 'http://tumblelogger.tumblr.com/'
    puts
  end
  
  tumblelog = user.primary_tumblelog
  
  tumblelog.posts.each do |post|
    puts post.type  # 'quote'
    puts post.url   # 'http://tumblelogger.tumblr.com/post/12345/my-first-tumblr-post'
  end

  post = RegularPost.new(:title => "Post Title", :body => "Just a regular post!")
  Client.instance.write(post, {:email => 'name@domain.com', :password => 'pass'})

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Brent Hargrave. Rumblr is released under the MIT license.
